I want a sentence division with conjunction of word "and".
Please show me the division result with conjunction of word "and".
I hope you can return the result with conjunction of word "and".
You can give me the sentence division with conjunction of word "and".
Please inform me of the division result with conjunction of word "and".
I hope you could tell me the result with conjunction of word "and".
You can display the division result with conjunction of word "and".
Please demonstrate it with the result with conjunction of word "and".
I want to see the result with conjunction of word "and".
I am willing to look at the division result with conjunction of word "and".
Please let me know the result with conjunction of word "and".
I want to recognize the sentence division with conjunction of word "and".
I want a error report of the grammar error correction.
Please show me the error report of the correction.
I hope you can return the error report.
You can give me the error report of the grammar error correction.
Please inform me of the error report.
I hope you could tell me the error report of the correction.
You can display the result in the form of error report.
Please demonstrate it with the error report of the grammar error correction.
I want to see the error report.
I am willing to look at the error report of the correction.
Please let me know the error report of the grammar error correction.
I want to recognize the error report.
I want a keyword extraction result with 5 words.
Please show me the extraction result with 5 words.
I hope you can return the extraction result with 5 keywords.
You can give me the keyword extraction result with 5 words.
Please inform me of the extraction result with 5 words.
I hope you could tell me the extraction result with 5 keywords.
You can display the keyword extraction result with 5 words.
Please demonstrate it with the extraction result with 5 words.
I want to see the result with the extraction result with 5 keywords.
I am willing to look at the division result extraction result with 5 words.
Please let me know the extraction result with 5 words.
I want to recognize the extraction result with 5 keywords.
I want a opening sentence of result of text summarization.
Please show me the result of text summarization with opening sentence.
I hope you can return the opening sentence.
You can give me the opening sentence of result of text summarization.
Please inform me of the result of text summarization with opening sentence.
I hope you could tell me the opening sentence.
You can display the opening sentence of result of text summarization.
Please demonstrate it with the result of text summarization with opening sentence.
I want to see the opening sentence.
I am willing to look at the opening sentence of result of text summarization.
Please let me know the result of text summarization with opening sentence.
I want to recognize the opening sentence.
I want the number of sentences.
Please show me the number of sentences.
I hope you can return the number of sentences.
You can give me the number of sentences.
Please inform me of the number of sentences.
I hope you could tell me the number of sentences.
You can display the number of sentences.
Please demonstrate it with the number of sentences.
I want to see the number of sentences.
I am willing to look at the number of sentences.
Please let me know the number of sentences.
I want to recognize the number of sentences.
I want the average number of words.
Please show me the average number of words.
I hope you can return the average number of words.
You can give me the average number of words.
Please inform me of the average number of words.
I hope you could tell me the average number of words.
You can display the average number of words.
Please demonstrate it with the average number of words.
I want to see the average number of words.
I am willing to look at the average number of words.
Please let me know the average number of words.
I want to recognize the average number of words.
I want the number of total words.
Please show me the number of total words.
I hope you can return the number of total words.
You can give me the number of total words.
Please inform me of the number of total words.
I hope you could tell me the number of total words.
You can display the number of total words.
Please demonstrate it with the number of total words.
I want to see the number of total words.
I am willing to look at the number of total words.
Please let me know the number of total words.
I want to recognize the number of total words.